welcome back to mr. money phone bio
reviews cell phones iPods and other
electronic gadgets today we're going to
show you how to do a hard reset on the
Samsung Elias phones getting a little
dated if you ever decide to get rid of
it first visit mr. money phone calm will
pay a top dollar for this and other
model cell phones and iPods secondly
you're going to want to remove any
information that includes your phone
number as emails pictures videos etc so
this video here is going to show you how
to do an internal hard reset where you
can remove all that information
permanently if you ever decide to get
rid of your phone okay so the first step
once you're in the home menu here you're
just going to scroll down until you get
to the settings and tools option let's
see if we can see that here settings and
tools little tool box in the bottom
right hand corner trying to get a clear
picture okay so once you get to that
click OK now before we actually get
started with the hard reset so you're
going to need one thing you're going to
need the security code if you scroll
down into settings in tools down to
option 9 I believe up from 0 option 0
you'll see phone info you're also going
to need my number so you're going to
memorize this number here write it down
or something here mobile device number
is 0 6 7 9 there's actually not a full
phone number
right now because the phone is currently
not active to another account and it's
already been hard reset so keep in mind
0 6 7 9 when we go to do our hard reset
we're gonna go ahead and need that
number ok so let's go back a couple
steps here back to your settings and
tools and we're going to go to the
option for phone settings I believe and
you're gonna scroll down to option
number seven security and this is
default code is your last four digits of
your phone number which we just grabbed
that believe was 0 6 7 9 so let's just
go ahead and type that in let's click OK
first 0 6 7 9 and click the ok button
okay now we're brought to a couple
different options here edit codes
restrictions phone lock settings lock
phone now or restore phone what we're
going to do here is restore the phone
again this is going to restore it back
to your factory settings now we have our
stuck quick warnings is permanently
erase all user data and reset settings
to factory defaults I can either click
no or yes we're going to go ahead and
click yes but before we do want to warn
you one more time as this warning says
it will permanently erase all your
information so if that info is important
to you make sure you back it up either
on your computer send it over to another
phone but your information will be
permanently deleted so keep that in mind
before performing this action well click
yes it says press star two to eight send
power or send after power cycle to
reprogram phone we're just going to
click okay we're not going to reprogram
the phone one more time you type in
security codes zero six seven nine I
don't want to confuse anyone zero six
seven nine is just a security lock
security code for this particular phone
right here so go ahead and you'll have a
different security lock on your phone
and you're brought to the processing you
click OK and that should just about do
it it'll work its magic it'll shut down
reboot when your phone turns back on
should be back to its factory settings I
hope you found this video helpful and if
you did be sure to LIKE the like the
video you'll see that down below or go
ahead and subscribe if you want to see
other videos similar to this you'll see
that link above thank you very much